Who's that?
I have no idea.
And she's watching me
and I-I can't get away from her.
Stay away from me.
The techs seem to think
the victim is a woman.
That supports our theory that Jane Miller
is our Jane Doe.
I know who you are.
I know what you did.
Whatever
this Oliver St. Ledger did.
sounds like something pretty bad.
I hope he never finds you.
Police Department. Jane Miller?
Why does this place look so familiar?
Who owns this apartment?
Same company that owns
Oliver Kennedy's apartment.
Elliot Berhane.
Elliot does more for me
than I deserve.
Don't forget who he really is.
That family can't make you complicit
in their cover-up.
Just stay out of it.
Mr. Berhane's wife recently passed
-in an accident.
-But we are sure it was an accident?
-What are you trying to say?
-I want you to try these
and get your anxiety under better control.
Dan... he knows me.
You pay him to know you.
I'm right here and you won't let me.
You know. the whole point of trust
is taking a risk
and saying the things
that you don't want to say.
It's killing you to keep it
locked up inside.
How'd you sleep?
Mm. not as good as you did. I think.
Hmm. yeah.
What did you dream about. do you remember?
Uh. no.
You.
Oh. really?
No. I don't remember.
I was wondering where that was.
I stole it from your drug drawer.
And I was saving it
for a very special occasion.
But I thought today...
I don't know.
St. Patrick's Day.
Boston. it qualifies.
"Organic Panic
psychedelic chocolate
will melt your mind.
Relaxation.
Disinhibition.
Introspection.
Revelation."
I don't know. I feel like
we should be trying for revelation.
Have you ever done it before?
Psilocybin?
Oh.
Um. a couple of times.
I don't know. I feel like it's good for
opening your mind a little bit and. uh...
loosening up some boundaries.
Come on. we can
be psychonauts together.
We'll launch into the...
deep space of our brain
and see what we find.
Um. I usually microdose.
Yeah. but. I mean. if we're gonna do it.
we should really... do it.
Right?
Come on.
Don't you want to "revelate" with me?
That's not a word.
Fuck it.
-Fine.
-Yes!
-Cheers.
Where are you. Jane Miller?
Why don't you ask Elliot Berhane?
He was her landlord.
Oh. because Elliot Berhane
isn't speaking to the police.
Hey. maybe I could be. like. a middle man.
You know. just smooth things over.
We'll call you if we need you.
-Get him out of here.
-See you later. man.
Okay. all right. all right. I got you.
But. look. if you need anything.
-you know where to find me.
-Yes. sir. we do.
You know. he's right.
we would be further ahead
if we hadn't lost Berhane as a witness.
We don't need him to tell us
that she didn't move out.
All her shit's still here.
What we need to do...
maybe we should call CSR.
have them get the techs in here
before we romp and tromp
all over the place.
This could be a secondary scene.
Could be primary.
He could've killed her here.
Brought her back down to his place
to melt her down.
What?
That theory has some issues.
You have issues.
I didn't know that you were
microdosing every day.
-I-I didn't say every day.
-Every day?
No. I didn't say every day.
I just said some days.
My therapist gave it to me
for. uh. my anxiety.
-Mm.
-Yeah. it just helps me.
helps me focus on stuff.
Mm. mm. mm. mm. makes sense.
You know. I'm gonna be honest.
I have to tell you something.
-Yeah?
-I think I feel a revelation coming on.
Uh. what do you have to reveal?
Um...
Yeah. it's good. I've seen it though.
I've seen it before.
-Yeah. but they-they haven't seen it.
-Ah.
Was gonna spread the wealth.
Come on. come on. come on.
Sorry.
-Can't see anything.
-Hey. check those out.
-Right here. down here.
-Okay.
♪ Sticking to the ceiling
by the bottoms of our feet...
♪ Later in the summer.
I sit beside the sea ♪
♪ I'm lookin' at your picture...
This is how I die!
Oh. my God. this is gonna be how I die!
♪ Angels falling by your side...
Clear the route.
Clear the
route.
♪ Satisfied ♪
You're beautiful!
Oh. my God. you're so pretty!
♪ Just to keep you...
Everybody wants to be you so bad
right now.
Yeah? I'm a very lucky man.
Yeah. I know. They're all really jealous.
Okay. okay. okay. okay. all right.
♪ Keep you satisfied ♪♪
Let's get out of here.
I made so many friends.
-Morning.
-You ready?
Mass starts soon. but I got
to stop and get those eye drops.
Who's driving?
Liz is picking us up.
What if your dad is there
with what's-her-face?
He hasn't been there in years.
Why would he show up now?
Just to piss me off.
Look. fuck him. okay?
We don't care.
Well. all right. I'm gonna change.
This skirt looks cheap. and it wasn't.
You look fine. Ma.
Yeah.
Love you.
Holy fucking shit.
Look at this butt-ugly thing.
Looks like a lady.
Karl. come in here.
I'm just getting started out here.
No. I mean it.
you really want to see this.
Okay. I will.
I...
Can I help you?
Look who's not dead.
I'm a freelance reporter.
I'm working on a story
about Oliver St. Ledger
in the context of his extended family.
Yeah. so what was the angle here...
killer rich kid pays his way
out of justice.
"where is he now" sort of thing?
Something like that. yes.
In 16 years.
Oliver's never spoken to the press.
I was giving him a chance
to speak for himself.
Yeah. Now. I saw your car in the garage.
So I'm gonna assume
that interview didn't go too well?
He's a psychopath.
Still waiting for a windshield. so...
no. I never got my interview.
Why did you think that
the best way to get the interview
was to drop off an anonymous letter?
I dropped two anonymous letters. actually.
Oh. even better.
There was no way
he'd say yes to an interview.
But if he felt like the grace period
of his anonymity was coming to an end.
he might be more susceptible
to my suggestion
that he control the narrative himself.
See. I-I call that "poking the bear."
Pretty unorthodox.
Did you go to journalism school.
Ms. Miller?
I don't know which one of you
I find more offensive.
Yes. Yes.
I got my masters at BU.
Is that where you learned to employ
paranoia as a professional strategy?
It's not paranoia.
It's allowing the subject
to speak their truth.
And how'd that work out
for you and that Fiat?
Better my windshield than my face.
Well. yeah. that… You do have a point.
You ever meet his girlfriend?
Yeah. Couple times.
Her name was Ciara.
-Ciara...
-I don't know. She didn't say.
She's very pretty.
Dark hair.
The strangest eyes.
It's like she sees through you.
Which is ironic. considering
their whole relationship was a lie.
She's a con artist.
Why would you say that?
She was after him for his money.
I don't blame her.
Why else would she date him?
I don't know. Maybe she...
found him attractive?
Intelligent. funny. good sex.
I don't know why people date each other.
Regardless.
She knew who he was
and she stayed with him.
But he didn't know she knew.
It's like they were living
in this warped double lie.
A fugitive
and a con artist.
obsessed with each other.
I'm not sure which one of them
was more demented.
Ah.
Got to take this.
Hold that thought. please.
Connolly.
See the news?
Yeah. I'm sitting at home on my ass
watching TV. like you told me to.
They're really out to get us today.
I don't want to waste your time.
but Linus Finch.
Get a chance to talk to Lee?
Yeah. Yeah. yeah.
She explained it all to me.
Remember that
case a couple months back...
Albanian kid.
50 gallon drum and the shitty alibi?
I remember the shitty alibi.
Well. it turns out Finch was a witness.
He agreed to talk
but he didn't want to come in.
she had to meet him at the zoo.
-That's all you got from her?
-What else you want?
Thought it'd be a better story.
But if that's it. I'll take it.
By the way. this ought to make you happy.
That claptrap who got
her hands on your weapon has
36 unpaid parking tickets
and skipped jury duty.
So we put out a warrant.
Did I lose you?
Uh. no. Sarge.
Still here.
Do you think there is a world where Oliver
found out Ciara knew his secret?
-And he killed her for it?
-Mm.
Yeah. I do.
He's clearly invested in his lies.
And you know about his boss's wife.
Um. Alison Meadows?
I know she died a few weeks ago.
The M.E. ruled it an accident.
It wasn't an accident.
Pretty sure he killed her. too.
Is this where we're going?
Uh. yeah. it could be.
Uh. you want a drink?
I could use a drink.
Mm. I don't know if. like.
a crowded bar full of fucking leprechauns
is where I want to trip my balls off.
-You know what I mean?
-Yeah.
-You don't feel it yet?
-No.
Yeah. I-I am feeling it.
Uh. okay. so what else is fun?
We could. uh...
stand on the edge
of the Grand Canyon. maybe.
or we could
look at each other in the mirror.
Or we could stare directly into the sun.
-I feel like these are bad ideas.
-Hmm.
Hey! Look who's here.
Fuck. fuck. fuck.
Hey. Elliot.
Boy. am I the last idiot
you expected to see here? Huh?
Uh. yeah.
No. uh. sorry. no.
Uh. this is. uh. Ciara.
-You know Ciara. Ciara Wyse.
-I know Elliot.
I love your little hat.
Oh. thank you.
-Hey. you want to grab a drink?
-No. No. no. no.
-I think-I think it's too crowded for us...
-Oh. no. come on. come on.
Just one. We got a table.
Huh? You can be wallflowers later.
Fuck.
I'm s-I'm sorry.
I think it's starting to kick in
a little too hard.
Yeah. mine is. too.
If it makes you feel any better.
I think your boss
has definitely had a few.
Honey. look who I ran into. Huh?
Hi.
Hi-hi. Alison. Hi.
This is our friend. Jane.
And. uh. this is Ciara.
Hi. It's so nice to meet you both.
You. too. Uh. Elliot's
told me so much about you.
Ciara. did you say?
Yeah. Exactly.
You look familiar.
That's so funny. because I was
just about to say that you look familiar.
I think I've seen you where I'm staying.
At the Crossings.
You're staying at the Crossings?
Yeah. just temporarily.
I'm here for work
and Elliot was kind enough
to let me squat
in one of the units he owns.
Oliver's in the other one.
Uh. so. uh...
how do you guys all know each other?
We met after this big forgery scandal
at the museum a few years ago.
She saved our acquisitions staff
from buying a fake Basquiat.
That's good.
So. you. uh. you work at the museum?
She's a reporter.
Hey. uh. Ollie.
uh. go get us another pitcher. would you?
Elliot. honey. you're not the boss here.
Go help him.
No. that's o-that's okay.
I-I think. uh.
I think we're gonna go. right?
We can stay for one drink.
Uh. why...
Will-will you just grab me
whatever you're getting?
Yeah.
Thank you.
Are you okay?
Yeah. Why do you ask?
Your boyfriend isn't who you think he is.
Oliver Kennedy isn't his real name.
He's dangerous. And I know
this isn't the-the time or place
to talk about it. but...
he killed someone.
I know.
What? I...
How can you be with him?
I-I don't understand.
No one's asking you to.
All I was told
was Jane needed a place to stay.
She's. uh. researching a story.
The story is me.
Elliot. I'm the fucking story.
Hey. hey. hey. Come on.
No. she's stalking me at my home.
on the street. at the gym...
Right now she's talking to Ciara.
She's probably fucking talking about me.
Fuck.
Ollie.
If you want to build a real relationship.
you're gonna have to tell her sometime.
Yeah. well. I did that last time
and it didn't go so well.
When Alison told me that he was
here in Boston working for Elliot.
I came to tell the story about the murder
he committed in Narragansett.
And the massive cover-up.
His family is just as fucked-up as he is.
Been evading responsibility for years.
I'm trying to give him
the chance to change that
by telling his story
in his own words. but...
he's not interested.
Maybe you could tell him to talk to me.
Are you trying to get her killed?
You know. you're not the first girl
to get caught up in this.
Yeah.
He had a serious girlfriend in London.
Lucy Hargrove.
They dated for almost a year.
I found her in Wales.
tried to get her to talk. but...
she completely shut me down.
Yeah. 'cause she's terrified.
Oliver told Elliot
he was planning to propose.
that he wanted her to know the truth.
So. he told her everything.
And she freaked out. she ran for her life.
And he was devastated. but...
what did he expect?
He told her everything?
About the murder.
He killed his classmate
at Bridgefield Prep.
Paul Sparling.
Why?
What did he tell you?
Stop looking over there.
You look like you're losing it.
Hey. come on. Listen to me.
Really.
I didn't know what was happening here.
And I know Alison
has treated you unfairly in the past.
but I agree. this crosses a line.
I will talk to Jane myself
and tell her to back off.
and-and if she doesn't like it.
she can leave.
You know. the reason
I asked you to come here to Boston
is because I promised your father.
before he died.
that I'd always keep an eye on you.
protect you.
So when I tell you
I got your back. I mean it.
I just want you to be happy.
I'm sor-I'm sorry.
Yeah. it's all good. It's okay.
It-it… It's all right. Elliot.
What the fuck is this?
What's it look like?
A hundred grand. This can't be right. Meg.
But it is. I promise.
This is insane.
The Narrow River Memorial Fund? Wha...
You really think the St. Ledgers
are just gonna. what. consider it
a-a contribution or something?
This is like a drop
in the bucket to him. Shyla.
He has so much money he's not gonna care.
He's not even gonna notice.
He's been in hiding for so long.
He goes by Oliver Kennedy now.
And he has no life.
What are you even talking about?
How do you even know that?
Because I know him now.
What do you mean you know him?
Because I met him.
because I... because I know him now.
Okay?
And by the way. he's not what you think.
He's exactly what I think he is.
Oh. God. I'm gonna puke. Mom's gonna die.
Don't tell Mom. dude.
I'm gonna tell Mom
because I'm the one who got this money.
You stole it.
-No. I earned it.
-Oh. yeah?
By doing what. Meg?
Are you fucking a killer?
Yeah. I am.
And I'm also living in the city
and I'm day-drinking
with people who went to college
instead of working my ass off
at a fucking Denny's
or whatever it is you're doing now.
I'm on my way to fucking church
to pray that you go to hell.
I should've known.
The money.
It all makes so much sense.
I want you to get what you want.
But I want me to get what I want. too.
I need a reputable source
on the record.
Oliver himself would have been
my preference.
and that's not going to happen.
but I'm more than willing
to settle for you.
"I fell in love
with the Narrow River Killer.
I had no idea who he was
and when I found out. it was too late."
You'll be famous.
First my story. then the book.
The podcast. then the movie.
Everyone will love you.
"She's so beautiful.
She's so strong...
for sharing her trauma."
This is an opportunity for you
to reinvent your life on your own terms.
It's the best one you're ever gonna get.
But if that doesn't appeal to you.
I will call the police
and you will go to prison for embezzling
from the richest.
most psychotic family in America.
You're bad at your job.
Okay.
But your skin is nice.
I try.
Off the record.
I fell in love
with the Narrow River Killer.
But he didn't tell me anything.
Because I knew so much already.
I knew every city.
I knew every alias.
I knew his Social Security number.
I knew his mother's maiden name.
And today he's gonna tell me
what happened that day
that Paul Sparling died.
And when he does.
I promise...
I am never
going to tell you.
Who are you?
Hey.
I think it's time to call it.
Now?
Baby. I'm on a roll.
We have to go. please.
-What's wrong?
-Stop. stop. stop.
You told Jane
Oliver was here. didn't you?
You made this whole mess.
She said she was in a career slump.
She needed a story.
Are you kidding me?
How could you do this?
The world deserves to know.
-Know. Ah...
-And I don't care
that he's your godson or how much
you fucking loved his fucking father.
Okay. this was not your call to make.
It wasn't yours either. okay?
I've told you and told you.
over and over.
how uncomfortable I am
with this entitled asshole in our lives.
and you never listened.
You... you-you just dismiss my concern
like... like-like I'm a child.
You're not a child.
Which is why I expect you
to find some nuance.
some compassion here.
-He made a mistake.
-Oh!
It wasn't a mistake. Elliot.
I've made plenty of those.
Okay? I cheated on my driver's test.
I fucked my roommate's brother.
but I have never killed anyone.
and if I did...
I wouldn't expect
the pathetic BFF
of my billionaire daddy
to help me cover my tracks.
You really are an ugly drunk.
-Hey.
-What did that woman say to you?
I think you know.
I d-I don't... I don't know.
So. please. you have to tell me.
You want to go outside?
Shit.
He was staring at Alison the whole time.
making her so uncomfortable.
I think he was on drugs.
I think they both were.
You know. he was fucked-up when he killed
that kid in high school. too.
Where's your partner?
He's still on a call.
Um. listen. I don't discount your concern
over your friend's death.
but my job is to investigate the incident
-that occurred here.
-Detective Reardon.
I need to speak to you for a minute.
Wait right here.
Hey.
Was that Russo on the phone?
Yeah. yeah. it's all good. Check this out.
What the hell?
She some kind of bank robber?
Did she pull the alarm?
She's the lobby goblin?
That's what I'm saying. Look.
This is the coat.
Oh. hey. and did you see the stalker room?
Oh. I saw it.
Look at this.
This is the crime scene.
Yeah. She took a picture of a dead body.
What the fuck kind of shit is that?
Explains why she didn't return my calls.
She is telling a very morbid story here.
Yeah. she is. and people
like that shit for some reason.
Okay. we've got the false alarm.
misprision of felony...
B and E.
No. I'm calling it burglary.
-Burglary. I like burglary.
-Mm-hmm.
Okay. this is big.
I'm gonna tell CSR.
You're right.
people do like morbid stories.
Yeah. I know. and it's. like. it's my job.
but I do not like that shit.
Oh. yeah? Well. we can't
all be porn addicts like you.
Have you ever taken a picture
of your titties and sent 'em to somebody?
Once.
On a... on a Xerox machine.
This before or after 9/11?
On the day of. That's how I remember it.
Mm-mm-mm.
Hey. um...
-what-what did you say to Russo?
-Oh. I just
told her that Linus Finch
was one of our witnesses
on that Albanian case last year.
Okay.
Thanks. I really didn't...
Da-da-da-da. Mm.
Right.
God. I forgot all about the Albanian.
That was a blip.
Yeah. Ask me how I remember.
Does it involve a copier?
-I don't want to know.
-Hmm?
The ground is moving.
Can you feel... can you feel it?
Don't look at the ground.
Why don't you look at me?
I can't-I can't loo...
I can't look at you.
I can't talk to you. I can't tell you.
I can't tell you
-'cause you...
-Yes. you can. yes. you can. You know why?
Because we need to get past this. okay?
So. if-if you don't want to go.
maybe I go. I can go first.
No. no. I don't want... I don't want...
'Cause if you say something...
I don't... I… 'Cause if I tell you...
if I tell you. then...
Then what?
What'll happen if you tell me?
What'll happen? Hey.
-You'll hate-you'll hate me.
-I'm not gonna hate you.
You're gonna hate me.
Oliver. Oliver. I'm not gonna hate you.
I'm not gonna hate you.
Yes. you will.
You'll hate me and then you will leave.
and I... I-I don't want that. and...
Whatever you have to say to me.
don't say to me.
Just-just don't say it.
and then we can just keep it the same.
as it is. I can't...
Okay. come here. come here.
Hey.
Look at me. okay?
Breathe.
Let's breathe. okay?
Okay.
It's okay.
Stay with me.
Okay.
Can you hear me?
My name is not Ciara.
My name is Megan.
And we did not meet on accident.
I came here...
to find you. on purpose...
to take what you owe me...
and my family.
Because I thought I knew
what happened in that river.
but I don't know. maybe I don't.
And. uh. I grew up believing
that you were a monster. and...
now I don't know that either.
Maybe you're not.
I don't know.
I can't tell.
But if you could have...
If you could have just
been honest with me...
If we could have...
talked about it...
I really… I really think
that I would have
found a way to understand you.
I really do.
Because. somewhere...
this became really real for me.
This is real for me.
Ah.
And I... I think I wanted to believe.
I think I wanted us…
I wanted us
to work.
Somehow.
I don't know.
I thought we could work.
But now I see…
I know we can't.
And I know we can't.
And that's really sad.
Because...
I r-I really...
could have loved you.
I really wanted to love you.
No civilian access at this time.
Please stay back.
Jesus Christ. Kevin.
You're becoming codependent.
She the alleged suspect?
We just going for a ride.
FYI. this asshole runs illegal poker
out of an empty apartment
-on the third floor.
-I thought you were exercising your right
-to remain silent.
-He watches women in the elevator
-on surveillance!
-No-Nobody care about that shit.
On a scale of one to weird.
you got him beat by nine.
Here. Officer Khouri...
he gonna take you downtown.
Watch your head. ma'am.
Thanks for your cooperation.
Hey. If you guys. you know.
need anything else. you just...
-you know where to find me.
-I'm gonna guess. Oh. up my ass.
Kevin. it's been a long day. bro.
Please. go home.
I appreciate it. See you there.
What was that?
Medical examiner.
Autopsy begins in 90 minutes.
Boom. let's hit it.
We've got to make sure CSR
is good to go and file charges.
All right. well. I'll file.
you reach out to the techs
and I'll have somebody
drop you off at the M.E. in 40 minutes.
Hell. you-you got the key...
You got the keys.
Hey. Alison.
-What do you want?
-Ciar... Is Ciara in there?
No idea.
Maybe she ran for her life.
That's what she should do.
Wait. why. why?
Wait. why should she do that?
What the fuck?!
Why do you hate me. Alison?
What have I ever done to you?
You are a parasite on my husband.
Your father was a user too.
And I fucking hated him.
And you are exactly
fucking like him.
That's what this is about. huh?
Elliot loved my father.
So you're jealous.
Of a dead man?
Yeah. You're jealous of him
and you're jealous of me.
Yeah.
I wish
I were an isolated. lonely millennial
living under a fake name
'cause I'm so ashamed
of who I really am.
That sounds awesome.
I can't wait
until the whole world
knows everything about you.
And you have nowhere left to hide.
Yeah? But even if that does happen.
Elliot will never love you
the way that he loved my father.
The way he loves me.
In case you didn't know...
your girlfriend is a liar. too.
You deserve each other.
Alison.
Alison!
-Hey. man...
-Alison.
Hey.
Alison. hey.
-Oh. shit!
-Oh. my God!
What the fuck? Jesus!
Oh. shit!
-Hey!
-Call 911!
♪ It's darkness forever ♪
♪ A cold sinking ocean ♪
♪ I want to feel the ♪
♪ Warm of release ♪
♪ The devil is chasing ♪
♪ Hot on my tail and ♪
♪ Trying to struggle ♪
♪ Out of his leash...
Where you want to go?
Nowhere.
♪ Words from an artist ♪
♪ Killed by her insides ♪
♪ She tried to set the ♪
♪ Evil on fire ♪
♪ It's warm in the kitchen ♪
♪ Like hot sticky summer ♪
♪ The demons are rising...
Uh. Dr. Hypolite.
First of all. was very happy
to hear that this case
was in your very capable hands.
What is the time frame
that we can expect?
The prelim will be in early next week.
Oh… I don't have a week. Doc. please.
I've rarely seen
this level of disarticulation.
-There's little I can do
to rush the process.
-Okay. okay. okay.
okay. but based…
on what you've seen...
is there anything you can give me?
Based on the partial skull mastoid process
and comparison between second
and fourth digits on the articulated hand.
I can draw a fairly certain conclusion
the victim is...
male.
I'll tell you the truth.